[Autogenerated] a little soap earner.
The source code off our user list.
Sublette at the break point on the first line here.
There are several ways to do that.
We can use the pop up menu in this blue margin here.
And then we have Tugger break points there or easier.
We can just use the shortcut control shifts be like that.
This little blue bullet here shows us that we have a break point on this time.
And now what we can do is Runner.
I will Web application.
There is no main method in a Web application, so you cannot run it like that.
Off course.
You need a browser to launch a request that will
execute the code of this survey it.
So let us switch to our browser on.
Let us refresh this uses least pager by pressing a fiver and you can see in
eclipse this green ball showing that I will application is blocked on this
line precisely where we put our break point.
If we switch back to our browser,
we will see that Roma is waiting for information from the
server and this is expected because I would Tomcats over is
currently blocked by the D Burger.
So it is not able to send any HTML information to this brother.
Let us switch back to eclipse.
If six to advance one liner up to here,
we can have information on the Mary Variable.
For instance.
This is a user age 32.
We can do the same on James and Patricia.
If we do the same on Jonah, it doesn't work.
Why?
Just because this line has not been executed yet,
and this viable has not been created yet.
Let us continue to run this Web application by pressing F eight Now,
we are not in debug mode anymore.
No Tomcat thread is blocked.
So let us switch back to our server on.
Now we can see that the page is properly displayed in this browser.
So this is basically how you can connect to a remote tomcat.
It is building on a special java protocal builder onto C p i P.
So you need to provide an I P address on the port to connect to it.
And you need to launch this Tomcat using the special option J p D A.
By the way, if you want to final control on this Tomcat Moder.
You can also check the documentation from within
the katarina dot But batch filer, let us scroll a little,
and you will see that here you have several options J p.
D.
A.
Transport address.
Suspend an obs to finally tune the way you want to debug your Tomcat.
So this Caesar,
how you can de burgh an application from eclipse in a remote Tomcat installation.